Okay, so let's get started
with our development process.
In this video will cover steps one and two.
Generate the members page component
and also update the template text in the HTML page.
All right, so the first thing we'll do here
is open up a new terminal window
and generate our component.
And I make use of the angular CLI,
the NG generate component,
components/members page.
All right we can swing over here
and take a look at the new files that were generated.
So under our components we have this member page
and the appropriate files.
Alrighty.
And over here in the terminal window
I can go ahead and exit out of this window.
All right, so step two we need to update the template text
in the HTML page.
So I'll open up this member's page component at HTML.
And now I'll simply write the HTML here
for this member's special page.
And now we'll simply
just give the text here members special.
Thank you for being a member
and member discounts are coming soon
Okay, so that takes care of all the work here
for the component in the HTML page.
There's also a members page component.ts.
We're not going to do anything in this file.
We'll simply leave this file as is.